Fix link and config file instructions for TFE (#2307)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-enterprise/2.0.x/docs/enterprise/deploy/nomad.mdx

This job is responsible for running the Terraform Enterprise image on Nomad.

> Refer to the [example Nomad job specification for TFE](#nomad-job-specification) for a template that you can copy and modify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [example Nomad job specification for Terraform Enterprise](#nomad-job-specification) for a template that you can copy and modify.
```
Per the [word list](https://hashicorp.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CCAS/pages/3660677125/Word+list)
